=About Love=
=Episode 1=
Have you ever felt like
you're a character in a play?
Every action you take,
every word you say,
feels like part of a written script.
When you talk like that,
it's incredibly charming.
Lucy, I love you.
What exactly do you love about me?
The universe made someone
as perfect as you
to draw me in.
Every time
I see you,
all my worries
simply disappear.
Only happiness remains.
Aren't you afraid
your girlfriend might
find out about your talk?
Honey...
Let me explain!
Fine, I'm listening...
Stop pulling!
Please, just hear me out!
I'll beat you up!
(Our teacher once said in school)
(that a person must know
what they truly want.)
(Only then can they work hard for it.)
(But sometimes,)
(life will inform you without warning)
(that what you want
doesn't really matter.)
(Because when we come into this world,)
(we may have already been
given our own purpose.)
Li Xiaoxi!
Here's your water.
Thanks, Xiaoxi.
By the way, this is my boyfriend,
Zhou Xiaolong, from Class 3.
Hello.
I like you.
Hey, the first time I saw you, I...
I fell for you right away.
Excuse me,
isn't Ting with you?
Your girlfriend
has class this afternoon.
Are you free today?
I have two movie tickets
for this afternoon.
(I used to think)
(such things would happen occasionally,)
(and such people should be a minority.)
(Unfortunately, sometimes,)
(growing up just proves)
(how naive I was.)
Xiaoxi, I've got some news for you.
Bai and I
are getting married.
Let me tell you, I think
we're perfect for each other.
We love the same kind of food.
We travel to all the same places.
What's that saying?
Meant to be.
Ah,
yeah. Right now,
there's only Yingtao in my heart.
Oh, sorry.
Did I step on you?
Ah, it's fine.
(As this kind of thing
happens more often,)
(I've slowly gotten used to it.)
(All those messy people and things)
- (keep coming.)
- Here, have a cherry.
(It's like when the heavens made me,)
(they only wrote one story for me.)
(Love)
(is dazzlingly brilliant)
(and hard to tell what's real.)
(You think it's true love arriving,)
(only to find lies behind sweet words.)
(So, I won't remain silent any longer.)
Here.
(I have to do something for them.)
Can I ask you
a rather personal question?
Do you
make a living from this?
Don't worry.
Since I'm here willingly,
I won't take a penny.
After all, the youth of women
who gave everything
only to be failed by men
is priceless.
Right?
May I ask why?
Because we're both women.
Actually, my boyfriend and I
have been together for six years.
Our relationship has always been solid.
He even proposed to me last week.
And I said yes.
So,
I don't think
your appearance alone
is enough to make him turn on me.
I believe you asked to meet me
to verify this very point.
Would you investigate and follow him?
I don't need to do anything.
All I have to do is show up
in front of your boyfriend.
Wait a moment!
Forgive my bluntness,
do you really think
that appearing in front of my boyfriend
with your looks
would make him obsessed with you?
Sometimes, men don't need
a woman to be stunning.
They just lack
a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
What a coincidence.
Yeah, what a coincidence.
I was just thinking about
how I ran into you again.
I haven't seen you before.
New here?
Yeah.
I'm interning at the design company
on the 15th floor.
9th floor.
The travel agency planning director.
You may call me
Mr. Zhang.
You do private customized tours, right?
That must cost a fortune.
As the planning director,
I have the authority
to grant internal discounts
to select clients.
Oh wow. You know, I've literally dreamed
of going on a trip like that.
I'd love to go
to the Old Town of Lijiang
and stay in an inn with my loved one,
and listen to the wind
in the mountains in Nepal.
Just thinking about it
feels so romantic.
Indeed romantic.
But as a professional,
I still hope you could try
an in-depth tour of one place at a time.
Wherever I go, I don't want to be alone.
I'm scared.
Our company happens to offer
one-on-one personal tour guide services.
So,
are you the personal
tour guide?
Unfortunately,
I probably don't have that fortune.
I'm getting married.
If I love someone,
I wouldn't even care
whether he loves me back.
Just being with him
is my greatest happiness.
Mr. Zhang, have you ever heard
of a saying from the West?
"To love for love's sake
is divine.
To love for being loved
is a human."
If I'm willing to be a divine
for you unconditionally,
without asking for anything in return,
can't you at least
be a human for me once?
If you can't provide evidence,
I absolutely refuse to believe
my boyfriend would betray me.
Then, in your opinion,
what counts as betrayal?
Being physically intimate.
Sorry, that's beyond my bottom line.
Then prove it.
Show me he has such intentions.
Tell me,
are you free tonight?
Not today, sorry.
I'm working part-time as a teacher.
I'd quite like to see
how you are as a teacher.
Sure.
I'll give you a lesson another day.
Alright. I'll pick you up
after work tomorrow.
Don't be late, okay?
Mr. Zhang, you drove past it,
didn't you?
The hotel is...
right around that corner.
Ah,
we're here.
Are we here?
Not quite what you expected, is it?
What do you mean, not what I expected?
What do you think I was expecting?
You wanted to seduce me.
You tried every way to get close to me.
Although things like this
happen in my life
all the time,
you're different!
Why is that?
I have no idea.
I only know
that as soon as you appear
from the elevator,
your elegant demeanor
radiates an alluring charm.
I believe no man, however cold,
could resist it.
Yesterday's afternoon tea
made me even more convinced of this.
Right then, I told myself,
"I have to be with you. I must!"
But it hurts me so much, you know?
Why does it hurt me?
It hurts because why...?
Why did she get there before you?
I've already fallen for you,
shamelessly and completely.
I love you. I want you right now!
(Recorder)
Mr. Zhang,
don't do this.
There are still people outside.
Who cares about them?
Let go of those worldly judgments.
Every extra second of waiting
feels like a crime now.
Do you have anything else to say?
Let's break up.
Ah?
(Do you know why fairy tales
in this world)
(all end with the prince and princess
living happily ever after?)
Snow White,
try this apple.
Look at this shiny red apple.
It's as beautiful as you are.
No, I don't want it.
Come on, just try it.
Such a sweet fruit!
You'll never find happiness.
Snow,
do you want to travel the world with me?
(Because what happens next
is too tragic.)
(People don't want to see it.)
(So, when love finally arrives,)
(everyone writes an ending
as sweet as a fairy tale)
(in their hearts,)
(as if all the misfortunes to come)
(have nothing to do with themselves.)
Cinderella,
did you lose this glass slipper?
Two together are best.
Didn't you say
you'd only ever love me?
Is this your love?
You hypocritical big liar!
Go sell your glass slippers!
Liar!
(But sequels are never
as good as the originals.)
(Short hair.)
(Blue striped suit.)
Hello,
a whisky, please.
Thanks.
Here alone?
Ah.
Alone.
Why not have a drink?
I'm not into drinking.
Coming to a bar alone this late,
and not drinking?
You're quite interesting.
Is something the matter?
You're alone. I'm alone, too.
Let's talk.
I'm not alone.
I'm waiting for a friend.
Boyfriend or girlfriend?
Does that matter to you?
Hey,
that's harsh.
Hello, Gong.
(Husband?)
What's wrong with you?
Standing me up again?
I don't want to hear your useless talk.
Get lost.
Got stood up?
Do you come here often?
It's my first time.
Were you stood up by your... husband?
If I'm not mistaken, you...
What do you want?
Do you enjoy
chatting up strangers this much?
What are you doing?
Trying to seduce someone else's husband?
What are you doing here?
Can't you see I'm meeting with a client?
Whatever it is, let's talk at home.
Don't make a scene here.
You think you're in the right?
What's going on?
- Betraying whom?
- Wrong person?
If you can't win my heart,
don't blame me for being playful.
Go home, now!
You lousy scum.
Where are you going?
Have you caused enough trouble yet?
If you're done, get home now!
A total embarrassment.
Did you just hit me?
Today, none of you
is going to get off easy!
Do you realize you've humiliated me?
Huh?
- Someone, help!
- Will you just behave?
I said, "Behave!"
You lousy scum!
Excuse me, sir.
Cheating is only a moral issue.
Hitting someone is a legal issue.
Who are you?
Who I am doesn't matter.
What matters is I've never met
someone as shameless as you.
You commit wrongdoing
and then hit people?
Don't you think you've gone too far?
And the rest of you,
what are you staring at?
Then please, young lady, teach me.
What exactly should I do?
Since you're open to learning,
I'll teach you then.
Yeah.
- You're welcome.
- She's so cool.
This lesson is free.
Who are you?
Come on, everyone, take a look!
This guy just hit a woman.
Film him and post it.
Make him an internet celebrity.
Let go... Let go of me!
Stop crying.
He's not worth it.
- Okay?
- Keep walking.
Don't hide, I'm talking to you.
Hey,
are you okay?
I'm fine.
Well,
these shoes are for you.
My friend gave them to me.
Never worn, brand new.
Just use them for now.
Are you giving these to me?
Why not?
No need.
I'm fine. I can manage like this.
It's alright, just take them.
No need to be polite.
You won't get a taxi out here.
I'll give you a ride.
Oh, it's okay.
My ride will be here soon.
Are you out this late dressed like that?
It's not safe.
Get in the car.
You...
Do you often get into cars
with strangers?
Do you often let strangers
hop in your car?
Yeah.
I'm basically a devil in disguise.
So, riding with me could be dangerous.
Especially for a girl like you.
Before I got in,
I already sent
your license plate number to my friend.
A real devil
would never use a real license plate.
Then... should I get out?
What's wrong?
I suddenly remembered
that guy in the bar.
Such a coward.
But what I was thinking is
that I can't believe
I wore the same outfit as him.
Looks like when I get back,
I need to seriously review
my whole wardrobe.
Here we are.
Right here?
- Bye.
What's wrong?
Should I invite you for coffee?
It's pretty late, maybe another day.
Oh.
- Bye.
- Hey.
Hey!
Do you usually invite people over
for coffee at your place?
Come on.
I meant the cafe at my doorstep.
Oh.
Bye.
Bye...
Hey!
What now?
You said you'd treat me to coffee.
How will you contact me then?
Let's exchange WeChat.
You scan me.
I prefer others scanning me.
Why?
Because I'm the one
who decides whether it passes or not.
(Li Xiaoxi)
(Bei)
Bei.
Good night!
Good night.
Drink tea.
You mean to say
that men's betrayal is a law of nature?
If you agree with that assumption,
everything you've done
is basically a sin.
I haven't destroyed any relationship.
Men betray
because they stop loving their partner.
Whether love exists or not
isn't for you to decide.
You're just helping
suicidal people complete their suicide.
Maybe they deserve it,
but their fall shouldn't come from you.
What you're doing is...
shameless love murder.
Ah, no.
It's more like a massacre.
Does it mean that if someone kills
with a kitchen knife,
the knife manufacturer is guilty?
If I'm guilty,
what crime should those men
who betray love
be charged with? Right?
You asked me here today,
not just to talk about this, I hope.
Exactly.
Here, look.
Take a look.
This is my daughter's boyfriend.
But I know this guy
doesn't really love my daughter.
- Over here!
- Did you tell your daughter?
I told her.
That boy says she's just a client.
My daughter thinks
I just don't like him.
I came to see you
because I want them to break up.
Oh, sorry.
I'm not an expert
at breaking couples up.
Wait, you...
Does it make any difference?
What you said makes me uneasy.
Then let's put it another way.
Hmm.
I need to find out if this man
will betray my daughter.
Is that alright?
Oh, of course.
No offense intended.
I...
I understand men.
They are restless
and impulsive.
They can't handle pressure.
If they meet a woman as stunning as you,
I believe no matter who it is,
anyone would be moved.
As for me,
I just hope she marries someone
who can truly make her happy.
So, by your logic,
no matter who your daughter marries,
she'll face betrayal?
Perhaps all men make mistakes.
But I hope her partner
at least loves my daughter
in his heart.
Like how I love her.
Cherishing her like a treasure.
That would be enough.
True love doesn't lead to mistakes.
(I've played countless roles.)
(And it seems my only line)
(was to sing a lament
for their love story.)
(All the men are completely defeated.)
(Yet I haven't tasted)
(a single hint of victory.)
(The tears in the story)
(constantly remind me)
(that promises mean nothing
until they're fulfilled.)
Feels like this show will
get pretty heartbreaking later on.
Don't worry. The ending is a happy one.
Have you seen it already?
I looked up the spoilers.
(Bei)
I don't watch shows with sad endings.
I've already seen
enough of that in real life.
Do you think in real life,
there could be men
like the male lead here?
The kind who, no matter
what temptation they face,
remain unmoved?
Yeah.
Like my Bai.
Right now, there's only Yingtao
in my heart.
(Are you blind or what?)
Wait.
That doesn't sound
like something you'd ask.
What did you say to me before?
Men...
are low creatures motivated by lust.
What? Is there an exception?
There is... one exception.
Do you enjoy
chatting up strangers this much?
Tell me more.
This guy...
He's not like
any of the others I've met.
These shoes are for you.
My friend gave them to me.
Never worn, brand new.
You added him with your main account?
Yeah.
Is he not one of your test subjects?
No.
But at first, I thought he was.
I tested him.
He passed?
Sort of half and half.
This shop, Zhen Guan, is his.
He's the owner.
(Zhen Guan)
This shop does luxury authentication.
I searched online
for the shop's Weibo account.
From there, I found his Weibo, too.
His Weibo and his Moments style
are the same.
He rarely posts pictures of himself.
Most posts are work-related.
He's usually just between home and work.
On weekends, he heads out with friends.
They grab dinner and play games.
He's highly likely single.
But social media doesn't prove much.
It's all the image he wants you to see.
Still, it's been three days
since he added me.
But he never contacted me.
(I'm Bei.)
A real expert.
This is definitely an expert.
Think about it.
Classic move. Playing hard to get.
(Who can see)
(Bei)
(Post)
(Li Xiaoxi)
(Do you live alone?)
Fishing to see if I'm single.
(Xiaoxi)
(Yes.)
(What's up?)
(Bei)
(Avoid location details in photos.)
(It's not safe
for a girl to live alone.)
(Xiaoxi)
(You post plenty on Moments yourself.)
(Bei)
(I'm male.)
(My photos aren't much of a draw.)
(Xiaoxi)
(What if they're just for you?)
(Bei)
(What if I don't have good intentions?)
(You really should be more cautious.)
(Xiaoxi)
(Got it, uncle.)
(Are you secretly
the anti-fraud ambassador?)
(Bei)
(A friendly tip from the ambassador:)
(Never send
unedited photos to strangers.)
(They can reveal detailed info.)
(I read a news story once.)
(A woman living alone
posted photos online.)
(Her address got exposed.)
(Someone started targeting her.)
(He snuck into her home
and hid under her bed.)
(Xiaoxi)
(Don't scare me at night.)
(That's pure fright.)
(Will you take responsibility?)
Ah!
(Coming to accompany me?)
(That's what you're really after?)
(Bei)
(If you're still afraid,)
(I...)
(I can tell you a joke.)
You...
You're a joke yourself.
(What about you?)
(Do the things you say still count?)
(Xiaoxi)
(What?)
(Bei)
(Last time, you said you'd buy me coffee.)
(You didn't forget, did you?)
(Are you free tomorrow?)
(Xiaoxi)
(Bei)
(Get some rest early. See you tomorrow.)
A real expert.
This is definitely an expert.
Are you?
(I'm curious about a man
for the first time.)
(I really want to know more about him.)
(Moment)
I think
you seem different today
from last time.
Compared to last time,
which me do you prefer?
My preference is irrelevant.
Your own preference matters.
The heels you left in my car last time.
The heels snapped off.
They couldn't be worn anymore.
They're fixed.
Can you fix shoes?
No, I took them to a cobbler.
I just thought
that worn shoes fit better
than new ones, right?
So I figured they should
be put to good use.
Thanks.
I thought you saw no difference
between my heels and slippers.
Slippers...
are actually more practical.
Oh, I didn't bring those slippers.
Guess I can't return them to you now.
You keep them.
I should thank you
for actually using them.
If unused,
they'd rot in my trunk.
The friend who gave you slippers
must be interesting.
Yeah, pretty interesting.
I haven't stepped out in ages.
I've been tied up
at the shop all this time.
Glad you're here with me.
It's good to breathe fresh air.
Interested?
Very.
Want to try?
- Let's go.
- Sure, let's go.
(1.2 meters is
the interpersonal safe distance)
(between people.)
(When a man wants to get closer,)
(he'll find ways to bridge that space)
(and spark physical contact.)
Hello, have you played before?
Oh, I've tried it before.
Do you need instructions?
Been a while,
so maybe walk us through it.
Just so we don't hurt ourselves later.
Alright, no problem.
When you're shooting arrows,
your body and the target stand
should be completely side by side.
Pull the bowstring to your chin
or the corner of your mouth.
Line up your eyes
with the sight to aim at the target.
Keep your gaze steady.
Oops.
Sorry, my bad.
It's fine.
You're actually pretty good.
I used to play before.
How about this?
Let's have a match.
The winner picks what we eat tonight.
Who said I'd have dinner with you?
Can't we have a meal together?
Alright.
Deal, then.
Teacher Li,
could you give me some pointers?
Teacher Li?
Okay.
Try using this muscle.
A bit lower.
Picture the bullseye
as something you hate
or want to escape.
That way, you won't hesitate.
You weren't doing that
on purpose, were you?
Of course not.
You're just a good teacher.
What's your bullseye?
And...
And yours?
A teacher is a teacher after all.
We're equally matched.
You must despise that bullseye person.
You're better.
Come on, let's count.
Nine.
Ten.
Nine...
Hey!
Someone's here. Watch out!
Are you okay? Sorry about that.
Great.
I lost track of the count.
It's fine. You definitely won.
So,
you get to decide dinner tonight.
I need to think about it.
Take your time.
No rush.
- This restaurant's nice.
- Thanks.
- Let's come back next time.
- Sure.
Hey, let me ask you something.
If your mom and I
both fell into the water,
who would you save?
Oh,
I can't even swim.
Maybe sign up for lessons first.
Stop dodging the question.
Give me a real answer.
If your girlfriend
asked you the same thing,
what would you say?
Well, that question actually
has a legal answer.
Saving your girlfriend is a moral duty.
Saving your mother is a legal duty.
If you didn't save your mom
and she died,
that'd count as
intentional homicide by omission.
Are you single?
Why do you ask?
Because with answers like that,
you'll never get a girlfriend.
I just don't like
hypothetical questions like that.
It's like a perfectly designed trap.
There's never a perfect answer.
Just like the trolley problem.
Choosing
makes you guilty.
The question is boring,
but askers seek attitude.
Did you hear
that man's response earlier?
No, I didn't.
I can't swim.
Let's learn together.
Got it.
That actually reminds me
of a friend of mine.
Remember the one
I mentioned before, Gong?
If it were him, he'd definitely say,
"There's nothing a kiss can't fix."
Why do you always call him Gong?
Because his last name is Gong.
As in "Gong"
from "Huanggong", the palace.
All of us friends call him Gong.
Such a scam nickname.
Waiter, let's order.
Coming.
Come on.
- Flowers, flowers!
- Give it to me!
Close your eyes.
- Close your eyes.
Here we go, three.
Two.
One.
Marry him!
Say yes!
- Marry him!
- Say yes!
I never understood
why crowds chant "marry him".
Love you forever!
Truth is, most people
have no idea
who the proposer is
or if he truly loves her.
It's like enabling marriage
brings universal joy.
Sometimes, public proposals
only move oneself,
but trap others.
Proposals should involve two people.
Not everyone craves spotlights.
You're right.
One of my favorite writers
once said something.
The gist was,
if one partner
leaves early,
the other
grieves briefly.
And soon, he or she
will find new love.
What we call love
is sometimes just a memory,
or
not even a memory.
Raymond Carver?
You read his books, too?
I really enjoy his poetry.
I even imitated him back in college.
So,
you don't believe in eternal love?
It's not that I don't believe.
Sometimes, love feels
too heavy for me.
I don't trust easy vows.
Grand promises are simple words,
but they're hard to keep.
Actions matter more
than words, right?
♪I♪
Sorry, I'm probably
not very romantic.
You're absolutely right.
Cheers to Carver.
Cheers.
♪I♪
♪Willing to wait till time fades away♪
♪Silently, I wait♪
♪Waiting for you♪
♪I admit it♪
♪My back is against the wall♪
♪There's nothing I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
♪I resist♪
♪Your gaze, your lips♪
♪Your touch is a gift♪
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
♪Take my mind again♪
♪Break it to my heart again♪
♪I'm falling down again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
♪To beg for the truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret of love♪
♪I thought I had kept it from below♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret of love♪
♪Gentle, passionate,
charming, terrifying♪
♪What is the secret of love♪